So here's the plan.
And our latest newspaper this year.
This is the general situation.
Let's go this time
It is expected to be used for an investment of 10 million
Yeah, well done.
Thanks.
Everyone
The document in front of you is this time
The plan for the new product launch of the blind box
I'm planning to do a runway on site.
Let the star wear the clothes in the blind box.
Run a runway show
Going to have a visual feast
Let everyone really feel
Then expand the promotion of blind boxes
Increase sales
This plan is just a foundation
Changes will be made later.
I like that idea.
But this publicity fee is probably a lot, right?
Don't worry about the chairperson's investment.
I have pulled the investment of Mr. Yang of Tiansheng Group.
Investment amount 30 million
Not bad, since An Tong is looking for more investment
The plan is also well done
Then I declare
The general person in charge of this conference is An Tong
An Tong
This event is of great significance
You must pay attention
As long as this press conference goes well
You are sure to get the general manager position
Chairperson, don't worry.
I will definitely complete the task.
Live up to your expectations
Yeah, OK.